I want to restyle it based on the colors, font, and overall theme from the attached CSS file, it should be a clean, modern and classy look with any icons being and outline, frame style instead of the actual picticons used beside the fields now. The logo should also use the attached png file to replace the logo in the header position now. I intend for this to be used by my consulting team as a trend (problem) analysis tool. Clients can upload any of these documents and have all 3 AI models analyze them, then providing a composite of the trends, errors, problems, or other areas of improvement that we can use as a tool to guide us in helping the clients improve their business. When a potential client uploads any or all of the 4 types of documents, the client information input fields and the upload interface should disappear and the tool should return (for each document) the total number of areas of improvement that we have identified. (We should prompt all the AI models to act as a dental operations professional in their analysis of the documents, offering suggestions of actionable areas of improvement and notable trends specifically in the P&L file.) We want the client to get a picture of the quantity and impact of the improvements needed to help motivate them to engage with our company to explore the areas of improvement and sign a contract with us to implement an improvement strategy. I want the admin dashboard to be a separate page that is behind a login so that only the users I add can access it. On the admin dashboard, I want to be able to see or download a comprehensive and detailed analysis of the issues identified for each document, per client. We will use this to guide the solutions we offer and as a prospecting tool to engage with potential clients. We need to make the data we store HIPAA compliant since some of the reports could potentially have patient information. I purchased a domain, www.alphasourceconsulting.com, which I can use to host the site and scale the functions as we build. Ask me any questions you have about what or how as you plan out how to build this.